''Live from New York, it's Saturday Night!"
''This just in from the Bureau of Popular Expressions in Washington DC, the expression 'Have a nice day' will be changed to 'So long now, see you soon.'"
''Here’s those special Prom Noogies that you ordered!"
''You must be able to clean house on those other ants, huh?"
''And that's the news, good night and have a pleasant tomorrow."
''What did you say to me, man? What? Now, wait a second! Now, be cool, man! Me and you gonna talk!"
''Papa, I ain’t seen you since, man! Next thing I know, you’re the govenor of California."
''Well... I’ve gone over all your test results, and, frankly, I can’t find anything *physically* wrong with you..."
''Ladies and gentlemen, some call it retirement. Some call it a permenent vacation. I call it unemployment."
''It's better to look good than to feel good."
''For the life of false values, empty ambition, and raw greed, you've earned the agony of eternal torment."
''Einstein Express: When it absolutely, positively has to be there the day before yesterday."
''Live out of New York.... It's night... This Saturday!"
''Ask for the Geritech line of personal products when you have a problem that's *embarassing*!"
''Good night, and merry Christmas, and I'm evil!"
''Out: Not enunciating so the censor can't bus me. In: Going out after the show and getting some Houssy."
''I'm good enough, I'm smart enough, and doggone it, people like me."
''Operaman, bye byeeeeEEEEEEEEEEEE!"
''The Bike Messenger feels sorry for that child. He will have many, many beatings throughout high school."
''That is just sad. You look like an idiot with a blender coming out of your skull."
''A.M. Ale: Because you can't wait 'til afternoon."
''Would you like to go to our place and listen to records?"
''But I have to say that my biggest accomplishment has been sticking it to organized crime."
''Remember, be alert. You can never be sure what someone's packing!"
''Suck it, Trebek!"
''I can't marry you. I just got PlayStation 2. It's very time-consuming."
''Somewhere in the distance, we heard the pounding of native drums. Was it in our minds? We don't know."
''...Although I believe I'm counting some of them twice here, because that's too many. But the numbers aren't important!"
''OK, you know what? I'm gonna leave you this ring."
''These wars of stars you spoke of earlier... Should I be concerned?"
''You're watching the Game Show Network. Did you ever think of reading a book?"
''Y'know what I say? Live your life, because the world's gonna blow up."
''Oh my God, are you fricking serious?! Jon Bon Jovi just came out of my poster!"
''MICROMANAGE! (Like a boss!)"
''Say, while you're here, are you at least going to treat me to dinner and a movie?"
''So much for the effectiveness of that Slomin's Shield sign out front."
''On these New York streets // I honed my fake rap penmanship // That's how it began // And that’s how I'ma finish it"
''We'll be leaving this program now, since it is becoming uncomfortable."
''You know what? Maybe this is good. Yeah, this is good."
''This is my journey. If a jacked Australian with a perfect face can make it, anyone can."
''Look at this guy! Million dollar smile, two dollar tie!"
''I mean, it was good, but I thought it kinda dragged in the middle."
''Some kids like to play. Others just sort of wait for adulthood."
''Man, that-- that was rough. If I was that kid, I'd change schools."
''Middle Kingdom on lock, literally."
''WE RIDE AT DAWN, GRANDMAS!"
''To every Asian on the planet, I DID THIS FOR YOU!"
''...I'll tell you when it's art again."
''That's all the time we have. This was all very useless."
''OK, you know what? I'm just gonna go. It's what you all want."